hello all friends not so long ago
patch 1 and 8 which added our game
personal combat missions
many players immediately rushed to perform
them and they began to have questions
actually as efficiently as possible and
quickly pass them these questions they
asked me and so I decided to take off
video in which I will try to give advice
which will simplify the passage as much as possible
combat missions as I mentioned before
for myself I divide these tasks into three types
the first type is surrender which depends
directly from your ability to play from
skill
these include change on quantity
killed equipment for damage
this technique is critical and on the amount
hit the technique of the second type
he is a little more difficult on the most unpleasant
combat missions
it would you come in which are calculated
just random luck and
which extremely weakly depends on your
skill
these include crit crites
on the blast of the enemy and on the burning of the enemy and
finally the third type of combat missions i have them
I call combined that is which
depends not only on your less
play but also from some luck this
combat missions that are aimed at
several victories in a row platoon
either a word that is for later five wins
in a row at a certain level of technology
I understand that you need to play well for
order to get victory but again
still if you play great
themselves in the team will be 6 to put it mildly
very weak players
it will be extremely difficult to drag
impossible and so on the first type of combat
tasks most important probably the very first
look at this type of technique
which you need to destroy if you
necessary to serve medium tanks 10 20
pieces you don’t need to take it on why
many maps
rides of medium tanks are very
very different if you take a heavy and
come on the direction of medium tanks
you have a huge
one of the fact that the st-shki you spin
will make out and you can not even make
one damage to them by the way they are
much faster than you enticing line you and dpm
they are often taller
the same situation with heavy tanks
who will deputation serve them on
medium tanks not all you warm up and in
forehead they will punch you every
shot
and go to porn one and stitches on
three strands it is extremely unpleasant if you
need to put a lot of critical
damage equipment take
a technique with preferably a gun which
I can can shoot a landmine and has
large caliber this is mainly fri-sau
or some tyazh on the fifth
set to have high-explosive guns because
land mines cause a large amount
physical damage you can crit
it pairs at the same time caterpillars there
mechvoda and gunner for example yet
shots bent over anything else
main shoot at different parts of the tank
in order to criticize different modules and
finally the third type is tasks on
the number of hits in the technique is better here
just take quick-fire equipment with
fast kd
because the faster you have to
faster you can shoot again and those
faster you can do a certain
number of hits
actually there on tanks 6 level 7
rate of fire you can in a minute for
two minutes make there about 15
hit the enemy
the main thing is to get exactly that is not
hurry shooting come down completely and
combat mission will be ready as well
it is worth forgetting that besides
combat mission you have a task in the game
the main thing is to win
so do not forget about everything and
stars only perform its best not
perform a combat mission but win in
combat than vice versa perform it but not
win and end up with no reward
because in the text why were you
must win and first chew
don't forget about it and carefully
read the conditions carefully and so
go to the second type
the second type as I said he
completely random and you can only
only indirectly affect the execution
these combat missions and if in case of failure
styling it is desirable to take a tank gun
either fri-sau with a weapon
alpha strike because the more of
a straight the more damage on the modules
pass and the easier it is to make
detonate for Soviet
Union is understandable Fri-Sau as a principle
for other nations
if the surrender is issued at the tenth level
also fit a heavy tank e-100 because
that he has a 150 meter cannon with good
damage
also do not hesitate to charge the land and
land mines and also very well yes may
other modules and cases are not uncommon
penetration in a landmine in board or in the stern and
then the ammo lay somewhere in
eighty percent of the cases if
combat mission aimed at arson
any tank is better in this case
take a tank with a fast kd
because the more often you shoot at
any module the more
the probability you have it kratanut
example if pressure you see that you
do you shoot which tank and to this one
tanks keep shooting the same
the area where they shot for the first time before
as long as it doesn’t usually burn there
lights up after 2 or 3 hits
fired up all the combat mission completed
either you shoot at the engine but with
the engine is a little harder if the tanks
delivered very quickly and simply and there
physically immediately lights up here kill and
need to make at least three hits
in order for it to catch fire again
better to use for this
technique with a buffer when in principle you can
use the same nursery rhyme with a large
alpha but the engine as it shows
practice is not so frustrating as those
same tanks and finally the third type the most such
that's probably unpleasant because
a lot of battherta a lot
hate these combat missions because of
the fact that the first can take good
sovzvodnogo be yourself an experienced player in
they play play you have four victories and
for the fifth fight you throw example
any frank crayfish which
corny stand on base or there 2f and
Kashin them he throws players and you still do not
in the top and of course that even a platoon
you can not bring this game as
it turns out that four fights are held them up
this just went down the drain
what tips can be here first
try to take you here
which is perfect to combine with your friend
if for example you are playing a game
take in the platoon average or ptshku
why because putting the nba and you
will be a little different and will be very
difficult garden frontal support you in
the battle is also worth taking sovzvodnogo
equal to the level of the game you either even
who play a little bit better than you
because if something happens, he can help
you drag the fight if you are inadvertently
merge and the third as much as possible
concentrate on winning these battles
forget combat missions play
only on the pale fourth this
probably more joke though maybe
you will offer up prayers and all
known to you gods
here cross your fingers don't shave with
a week before when you start performing
lbz well others in the same spirit because of
different superstitions it was right
jokes on this i have all wish you
I wish you successful combat missions
you more interesting cool awards
earn premium account silver
free experience experience experience in engineering crew
you had a garden
Thank you for your attention and see you soon
bye guys